Init fastly integration. (#12729)
DataDog/integrations-core: fastly/README.md

{{< img src="integrations/fastly/fastlygraph.png" alt="Fastly Graph" popup="true">}}

## Overview

> Connect to Fastly to see key Fastly metrics (like cache coverage and header size) in context with the rest of your Datadog metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to Fastly to see key Fastly metrics, such as cache coverage and header size, in context with the rest of your Datadog metrics.
```

2. From the **Service** menu, select the appropriate service.
3. Click the **Configuration** button and then select **Clone active**. The Domains page appears.
4. Click the **Logging** link. The logging endpoints page appears. Click **Create Endpoint** under **Datadog** or the **Datadog (with Syslog)** options.

##### Configure the Datadog endpoint (recommended)

1. Give a name to the endpoint, for example: `Datadog`.
2. Configure the log format. By default, the recommended [Datadog-Fastly log format][2] is already provided and can be customized.
3. Select your region to match your Datadog account region: {{< region-param key="dd_site_name" code="true" >}}
4. Add your [Datadog API key][3].
5. Click **Create** at the bottom.
6. Click **Activate** at the top right to activate the new configuration. After a few minutes, logs should begin flowing into your account.

##### Configure the Syslog endpoint

1. Give a name to the endpoint, for example: `Datadog`.
2. Configure the log format to include the recommended [Datadog-Fastly log format][2] with [your Datadog API key][3] at the beginning.

    ```text
    <DATADOG_API_KEY> <DATADOG_FASTLY_LOG_FORMAT>
    ```

>     **Note**: Your Datadog API key MUST be in front of the Datadog-Fastly log format for your logs to display in Datadog. See [Useful variables to log][4] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: Your Datadog API key must be in front of the Datadog-Fastly log format for your logs to display in Datadog. See [Useful variables to log][4] for more details.
```
